DodgeBit Privacy Policy

SEFWHITE (“S.E.F.White”, ”“we”, “our”) operates the website, mobile, and desktop applications DodgeBit  (“Dodge Bit”, the “Service”).

Locally stored data includes:
 - highscores for the game, which retain the high scores for each level type
 - Audio level settings, which retain the sound effect and music audio levels

Locally stored data will be deleted automatically from the device upon uninstallation of DodgeBit.

DodgeBit does not collect any data regarding the user except for Ad-mob analytics.

We use third-party tools to serve advertisements in.

Third-party tools

Google Admob: Admob serves advertisements in our free apps. You can opt out of AdMob by following the instructions described by Google: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en. 
For more details about Admob and how they collect information please refer to these links: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/and https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.


Use of Data

SEFWHITE uses the collected data for various purposes:
 - To maintain and provide to our Service.
 - To gather analysis so that we can improve our Service. See which app features are being used the most.
 - To monitor the usage of our Service.


Third-party links
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Your Consent
By using our Service, you consent to our App Privacy Policy.




Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on January 10 2024.

Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
contactsefwgames@gmail.com

